[D1]: move to rows read/written (#10412)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/d1/platform/pricing.md

While in public Alpha, D1 is currently free to use on all [Workers plans](/workers/platform/pricing/#workers). Refer to the [our recent announcement](https://blog.cloudflare.com/d1-turning-it-up-to-11/)) for more information.
{{</Aside>}}

D1 bills based on:

> * *What you use*: queries you issue against D1 will count as rows read, rows written, or both (for transactions or batches).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Usage**: Queries you issue against D1 will count as rows read, rows written, or both (for transactions or batches).
```

* *Scale-to-zero*: You are not billed for "hours" or "capacity units": if you are not issuing queries against your database, you are not billed for compute.

> * *Storage*: You are only billed for storage above the included limits of your plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Storage**: You are only billed for storage above the included [limits](/d1/platform/limits/) of your plan.
```

* How can I estimate my (eventual) bill?

> Every query returns a `meta` object that contains a total count of the rows read (`rows_read`) and rows written (`rows_written`) by that query. For example, a query that performs a full table scan (e.g. `SELECT * FROM users`) from a table with 5000 rows would return a `rows_read` value of `5000`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every query returns a `meta` object that contains a total count of the rows read (`rows_read`) and rows written (`rows_written`) by that query. For example, a query that performs a full table scan (for instance, `SELECT * FROM users`) from a table with 5000 rows would return a `rows_read` value of `5000`:
```

Yes: any queries you issue against your database, including `INSERT`ing existing data into a new database, table scans (`SELECT * FROM table`), or creating indexes count as either reads or writes.

* Can I use an index to reduce the number of rows read by a query?

> Yes! [Creating indexes](/d1/learning/using-indexes/) for your most queried tables and filtered columns can reduce how much data is scanned and improve query performance at the same time. If you have a read-heavy workload (most common), this can be particularly advantageous. Note that writing to columns referenced in an index will add at least one (1) additional row written to account for updating the index, but this is typically offset by the reduction in rows read due to the benefits of an index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can use an index to reduce the number of rows read by a query. [Creating indexes](/d1/learning/using-indexes/) for your most queried tables and filtered columns reduce how much data is scanned and improve query performance at the same time. If you have a read-heavy workload (most common), this can be particularly advantageous. Writing to columns referenced in an index will add at least one (1) additional row written to account for updating the index, but this is typically offset by the reduction in rows read due to the benefits of an index.
```
